Helm artifact setup docs (#1997)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: setup/artifacts/helm.md

---
layout: single
title:  "Configure Helm Artifact account"
sidebar:
  nav: setup
---

{% include toc %}

> Spinnaker stages that read data from artifacts can read Helm provider directly. The provider can be Artifactory like [Nexus](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/formats/helm-repositories), [JFrog](https://jfrog.com/integration/helm-repository/), or [Chartmuseum](https://chartmuseum.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spinnaker stages that consume artifacts can read from a Helm provider directly. The provider can be an Artifactory like [Nexus](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/formats/helm-repositories), [JFrog](https://jfrog.com/integration/helm-repository/), or [Chartmuseum](https://chartmuseum.com/).
```

> If the files are hidden behind basic auth, you can configure an artifact account with the needed credentials to read your artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the files are hidden behind basic auth, you can configure an artifact account with the needed credentials to read your artifacts. Basic auth is the only authentication mechanism supported for accessing a Helm artifact account.
```
